I'll is what we have here and slowly
dried and Virginia here comes my husband
headin out of these little salt there
with you serious pressure
adjust in the way yet they remain
married in the main pile up here would
be the back part of my place
and this may not be a big deal a lot of
you think well here's what we haven't
seen this much snow in a Coon's age oh
here you go
I think you scratch through safe so you
don't you
therefore we haven't earned
take out that now
yeah I was wanting a video some of this
morning tour completely it might you
know who she invited me looking
they opposed escape the coming down
ah
that's the good for you I think it's so
pretty especially a berth in the woods
behind the house paint a painting on the
world in the world that can match what
God can do of course that guy that does
the happy little trees you know he comes
pretty close anyway I thought I'd show
you around where I live while it was
snow covered cuz this is unusual in
Southwest Virginia this is the most snow
I'd say we've had and God I would I
believe I'd be safe from saying about 13
14 years this is my another one of my
husband's toys it's his big dodge ram
1500 he said he said he calls it sexy I
guess this is not a leaf
my Z which can't see a lot cuz the
snow's covering it over there is the new
and here is our snow-covered family baby
our lincoln navigator we got another
Jeep out in front of it but I'm not
gonna bore you this vehicle of course
some of you guys out there probably love
that this is the scene of our front yard
my husband there he's heading down the
road he used to do snow removal removal
for a construction company and it's in
his blood he's been praying for this
snow for a long time I'm getting a
little cold over here in our neighbors
the birds are catching a snack at the
bird feeder and here on my very own
front porch is miss grandma Sadie bail
what do you think of the snow Sadie bail
she's too busy watching her daddy on the
tractor thanks you heard
up there he turns again
he won't miso paste attraction
what it is for things i don't know
probably sears crashers they missed you
can correctly later he'll give me a
Vulcan will be back
man I feel better
opposite thing
it's rather me
or the laughable
I the olive oil
or directory well I guess that's all
from 80 moans loud and dried Virginia I
think I'm going to hit the house now
it's getting a bit home great but before
I begin to do let's go in and make my
other baby hello Chico is too cold out
there for you is to cut word where'd you
go he is camera shy he'll duck under the
covers when i get out of camera even
well that's all for now bye folks